Which of the following are benefits of the AWS Cloud? (Select TWO.)
Capital expenses are replaced with variable expenses. Companies gain increased agility.

Which of the following are advantages of the AWS Cloud? (Select TWO.)
AWS manages the maintenance of the cloud infrastructure. AWS manages capacity planning for physical servers.

A company requires physical isolation of its Amazon EC2 instances from the instances of other customers.Which instance purchasing option meets this requirement?
Dedicated Hosts

Which AWS Cloud architecture principle states that systems should reduce interdependencies?
Loose coupling

Which AWS Cloud architecture design principle supports the distribution of workloads across multiple Availability Zones?
Design for failure.

Which of the following is a responsibility of AWS under the AWS shared responsibility model? Select answer
Secure the physical infrastructure.

Which of the following describes a security best practice that can be implemented by using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)?
C
Grant permissions to users who are required to perform a specific task only.

A company needs to monitor and receive alerts about AWS Management Console sign-in events that involve the AWS account root user.

Which AWS service can the company use to meet these requirements?
A
Amazon CloudWatch

A company has an application server that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application server needs to access contents within a private Amazon S3 bucket.

What is the recommended approach to meet this requirement?
Create an IAM role with the appropriate permissions. Associate the role with the EC2 instance.

Which security-related services or features does AWS offer?
B
AWS Trusted Advisor security checks
C
Data encryption

Which recommendations are included in the AWS Trusted Advisor checks? (Select TWO.)
A
Amazon S3 bucket permissions
C
Multi-factor authentication (MFA) use on the AWS account root user
A company wants a dedicated private connection to the AWS Cloud from its on-premises operations.

Which AWS service or feature will provide this connection? D
AWS Direct Connect

Which aspect of AWS infrastructure provides global deployment of compute and storage? B
Multiple AWS Regions

Which AWS services or features support data replication across AWS Regions? (Select TWO.)
A
Amazon S3
E
Amazon RDS

A company is hosting a static website from a single Amazon S3 bucket. 

Which AWS service will achieve lower latency and high transfer speeds?
D
Amazon CloudFront

Which AWS service provides a simple and scalable shared file storage solution for use with Linux-based Amazon EC2 instances and on-premises servers?
D
Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)

A company needs phone, email, and chat access 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The response time must be less than 1 hour if a production system has a service interruption.

Which AWS Support plan meets these requirements at the LOWEST cost?
C
AWS Business Support

Which Amazon EC2 pricing model adjusts based on supply and demand of EC2 instances?
C
Spot Instances

Which of the following is an advantage of consolidated billing on AWS?
A
Volume pricing qualification

Which AWS service can create an alarm that sends a notification when a billing threshold is exceeded?
C
Amazon CloudWatch




AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C01)
Sample Exam Questions
© 2020, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved | aws.amazon.com 1 | P a g e
1) Why is AWS more economical than traditional data centers for applications with varying compute
workloads?
A) Amazon EC2 costs are billed on a monthly basis.
B) Users retain full administrative access to their Amazon EC2 instances.
C) Amazon EC2 instances can be launched on demand when needed.
D) Users can permanently run enough instances to handle peak workloads.
2) Which AWS service would simplify the migration of a database to AWS?
A) AWS Storage Gateway
B) AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)
C) Amazon EC2
D) Amazon AppStream 2.0
3) Which AWS offering enables users to find, buy, and immediately start using software solutions in their
AWS environment?
A) AWS Config
B) AWS OpsWorks
C) AWS SDK
D) AWS Marketplace
4) Which AWS networking service enables a company to create a virtual network within AWS?
A) AWS Config
B) Amazon Route 53
C) AWS Direct Connect
D) Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
5) Which of the following is an AWS responsibility under the AWS shared responsibility model?
A) Configuring third-party applications
B) Maintaining physical hardware
C) Securing application access and data
D) Managing guest operating systems
6) Which component of the AWS global infrastructure does Amazon CloudFront use to ensure low-latency
delivery?
A) AWS Regions
B) Edge locations
C) Availability Zones
D) Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C01)
Sample Exam Questions
© 2020, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved | aws.amazon.com 2 | P a g e
7) How would a system administrator add an additional layer of login security to a user's AWS
Management Console?
A) Use Amazon Cloud Directory
B) Audit AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles
C) Enable multi-factor authentication
D) Enable AWS CloudTrail
8) Which service can identify the user that made the API call when an Amazon EC2 instance is
terminated?
A) AWS Trusted Advisor
B) AWS CloudTrail
C) AWS X-Ray
D) AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM)
9) Which service would be used to send alerts based on Amazon CloudWatch alarms?
A) Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
B) AWS CloudTrail
C) AWS Trusted Advisor
D) Amazon Route 53
10) Where can a user find information about prohibited actions on the AWS infrastructure?
A) AWS Trusted Advisor
B) AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
C) AWS Billing Console
D) AWS Acceptable Use Policy
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C01)
Sample Exam Questions
© 2020, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved | aws.amazon.com 3 | P a g e
Answers
1) C – The ability to launch instances on demand when needed allows users to launch and terminate instances in
response to a varying workload. This is a more economical practice than purchasing enough on-premises servers
to handle the peak load.
2) B – AWS DMS helps users migrate databases to AWS quickly and securely. The source database remains
fully operational during the migration, minimizing downtime to applications that rely on the database. AWS DMS
can migrate data to and from most widely used commercial and open-source databases.
3) D – AWS Marketplace is a digital catalog with thousands of software listings from independent software
vendors that makes it easy to find, test, buy, and deploy software that runs on AWS.
4) D – Amazon VPC lets users provision a logically isolated section of the AWS Cloud where users can launch
AWS resources in a virtual network that they define.
5) B – Maintaining physical hardware is an AWS responsibility under the AWS shared responsibility model.
6) B – To deliver content to users with lower latency, Amazon CloudFront uses a global network of points of
presence (edge locations and regional edge caches) worldwide.
7) C – Multi-factor authentication (MFA) is a simple best practice that adds an extra layer of protection on top of a
username and password. With MFA enabled, when a user signs in to an AWS Management Console, they will be
prompted for their username and password (the first factor—what they know), as well as for an authentication
code from their MFA device (the second factor—what they have). Taken together, these multiple factors provide
increased security for AWS account settings and resources.
8) B – AWS CloudTrail helps users enable governance, compliance, and operational and risk auditing of their
AWS accounts. Actions taken by a user, role, or an AWS service are recorded as events in CloudTrail. Events
include actions taken in the AWS Management Console, AWS Command Line Interface (CLI), and AWS SDKs
and APIs.
9) A – Amazon SNS and Amazon CloudWatch are integrated so users can collect, view, and analyze metrics for
every active SNS. Once users have configured CloudWatch for Amazon SNS, they can gain better insight into the
performance of their Amazon SNS topics, push notifications, and SMS deliveries.
10) D – The AWS Acceptable Use Policy provides information regarding prohibited actions on the AWS
infrastructure. 


AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C03)
Sample Exam Questions
© 2022, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved | aws.amazon.com 1 | P a g e
1) A company runs a public-facing three-tier web application in a VPC across multiple Availability Zones.
Amazon EC2 instances for the application tier running in private subnets need to download software
patches from the internet. However, the EC2 instances cannot be directly accessible from the internet.
Which actions should be taken to allow the EC2 instances to download the needed patches? (Select
TWO.)
A) Configure a NAT gateway in a public subnet.
B) Define a custom route table with a route to the NAT gateway for internet traffic and associate it with the
private subnets for the application tier.
C) Assign Elastic IP addresses to the EC2 instances.
D) Define a custom route table with a route to the internet gateway for internet traffic and associate it with
the private subnets for the application tier.
E) Configure a NAT instance in a private subnet.
2) A solutions architect wants to design a solution to save costs for Amazon EC2 instances that do not
need to run during a 2-week company shutdown. The applications running on the EC2 instances store
data in instance memory that must be present when the instances resume operation.
Which approach should the solutions architect recommend to shut down and resume the EC2 instances?
A) Modify the application to store the data on instance store volumes. Reattach the volumes while restarting
them.
B) Snapshot the EC2 instances before stopping them. Restore the snapshot after restarting the instances.
C) Run the applications on EC2 instances enabled for hibernation. Hibernate the instances before the 2-
week company shutdown.
D) Note the Availability Zone for each EC2 instance before stopping it. Restart the instances in the same
Availability Zones after the 2-week company shutdown.
3) A company plans to run a monitoring application on an Amazon EC2 instance in a VPC. Connections
are made to the EC2 instance using the instance’s private IPv4 address. A solutions architect needs to
design a solution that will allow traffic to be quickly directed to a standby EC2 instance if the application
fails and becomes unreachable.
Which approach will meet these requirements?
A) Deploy an Application Load Balancer configured with a listener for the private IP address and register the
primary EC2 instance with the load balancer. Upon failure, de-register the instance and register the
standby EC2 instance.
B) Configure a custom DHCP option set. Configure DHCP to assign the same private IP address to the
standby EC2 instance when the primary EC2 instance fails.
C) Attach a secondary elastic network interface to the EC2 instance configured with the private IP address.
Move the network interface to the standby EC2 instance if the primary EC2 instance becomes
unreachable.
D) Associate an Elastic IP address with the network interface of the primary EC2 instance. Disassociate the
Elastic IP from the primary instance upon failure and associate it with a standby EC2 instance.
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C03)
Sample Exam Questions
© 2022, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved | aws.amazon.com 2 | P a g e
4) An analytics company is planning to offer a web analytics service to its users. The service will require
that the users’ webpages include a JavaScript script that makes authenticated GET requests to the
company’s Amazon S3 bucket.
What must a solutions architect do to ensure that the script will successfully execute?
A) Enable cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) on the S3 bucket.
B) Enable S3 Versioning on the S3 bucket.
C) Provide the users with a signed URL for the script.
D) Configure an S3 bucket policy to allow public execute privileges.
5) A company’s security team requires that all data stored in the cloud be encrypted at rest at all times
using encryption keys stored on premises.
Which encryption options meet these requirements? (Select TWO.)
A) Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3).
B) Use server-side encryption with AWS KMS managed encryption keys (SSE-KMS).
C) Use server-side encryption with customer-provided encryption keys (SSE-C).
D) Use client-side encryption to provide at-rest encryption.
E) Use an AWS Lambda function invoked by Amazon S3 events to encrypt the data using the customer’s
keys.
6) A company uses Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances to run its data processing workload. The nightly job
typically takes 7 hours to run and must finish within a 10-hour time window. The company anticipates
temporary increases in demand at the end of each month that will cause the job to run over the time limit
with the capacity of the current resources. Once started, the processing job cannot be interrupted before
completion. The company wants to implement a solution that would provide increased resource capacity
as cost-effectively as possible.
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this?
A) Deploy On-Demand Instances during periods of high demand.
B) Create a second EC2 reservation for additional instances.
C) Deploy Spot Instances during periods of high demand.
D) Increase the EC2 instance size in the EC2 reservation to support the increased workload.
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C03)
Sample Exam Questions
© 2022, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved | aws.amazon.com 3 | P a g e
7) A company runs an online voting system for a weekly live television program. During broadcasts,
users submit hundreds of thousands of votes within minutes to a front-end fleet of Amazon EC2
instances that run in an Auto Scaling group. The EC2 instances write the votes to an Amazon RDS
database. However, the database is unable to keep up with the requests that come from the EC2
instances. A solutions architect must design a solution that processes the votes in the most efficient
manner and without downtime.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A) Migrate the front-end application to AWS Lambda. Use Amazon API Gateway to route user requests to
the Lambda functions.
B) Scale the database horizontally by converting it to a Multi-AZ deployment. Configure the front-end
application to write to both the primary and secondary DB instances.
C) Configure the front-end application to send votes to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
queue. Provision worker instances to read the SQS queue and write the vote information to the database.
D) Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to create a scheduled event to re-provision the
database with larger, memory optimized instances during voting periods. When voting ends, re-provision
the database to use smaller instances.
8) A company has a two-tier application architecture that runs in public and private subnets. Amazon EC2
instances running the web application are in the public subnet and an EC2 instance for the database runs
on the private subnet. The web application instances and the database are running in a single Availability
Zone (AZ).
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to provide high availability for this
architecture? (Select TWO.)
A) Create new public and private subnets in the same AZ.
B) Create an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group and Application Load Balancer spanning multiple AZs for the
web application instances.
C) Add the existing web application instances to an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load
Balancer.
D) Create new public and private subnets in a new AZ. Create a database using an EC2 instance in the
public subnet in the new AZ. Migrate the old database contents to the new database.
E) Create new public and private subnets in the same VPC, each in a new AZ. Create an Amazon RDS
Multi-AZ DB instance in the private subnets. Migrate the old database contents to the new DB instance.
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C03)
Sample Exam Questions
© 2022, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved | aws.amazon.com 4 | P a g e
9) A website runs a custom web application that receives a burst of traffic each day at noon. The users
upload new pictures and content daily, but have been complaining of timeouts. The architecture uses
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups, and the application consistently takes 1 minute to initiate upon boot
up before responding to user requests.
How should a solutions architect redesign the architecture to better respond to changing traffic?
A) Configure a Network Load Balancer with a slow start configuration.
B) Configure Amazon ElastiCache for Redis to offload direct requests from the EC2 instances.
C) Configure an Auto Scaling step scaling policy with an EC2 instance warmup condition.
D) Configure Amazon CloudFront to use an Application Load Balancer as the origin.
10) An application running on AWS uses an Amazon Aurora Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment for its
database. When evaluating performance metrics, a solutions architect discovered that the database reads
are causing high I/O and adding latency to the write requests against the database.
What should the solutions architect do to separate the read requests from the write requests?
A) Enable read-through caching on the Aurora database.
B) Update the application to read from the Multi-AZ standby instance.
C) Create an Aurora replica and modify the application to use the appropriate endpoints.
D) Create a second Aurora database and link it to the primary database as a read replica.
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C03)
Sample Exam Questions
© 2022, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved | aws.amazon.com 5 | P a g e
Answers
1) A, B – A NAT gateway forwards traffic from the EC2 instances in the private subnet to the internet or other
AWS services, and then sends the response back to the instances. After a NAT gateway is created, the route
tables for private subnets must be updated to point internet traffic to the NAT gateway.
2) C – Hibernating EC2 instances save the contents of instance memory to an Amazon Elastic Block Store
(Amazon EBS) root volume. When the instances restart, the instance memory contents are reloaded.
3) C – A secondary elastic network interface can be added to an EC2 instance. While primary network interfaces
cannot be detached from an instance, secondary network interfaces can be detached and attached to a different
EC2 instance.
4) A – Web browsers will block running a script that originates from a server with a domain name that is different
from the webpage. Amazon S3 can be configured with CORS to send HTTP headers that allow the script to run.
5) C, D – Server-side encryption with customer-provided keys (SSE-C) enables Amazon S3 to encrypt objects on
the server side using an encryption key provided in the PUT request. The same key must be provided in the GET
requests for Amazon S3 to decrypt the object. Customers also have the option to encrypt data on the client side
before uploading it to Amazon S3, and then they can decrypt the data after downloading it. AWS software
development kits (SDKs) provide an S3 encryption client that streamlines the process.
6) A – While Spot Instances would be the least costly option, they are not suitable for jobs that cannot be
interrupted or must complete within a certain time period. On-Demand Instances would be billed for the number of
seconds they are running.
7) C – Decouple the ingestion of votes from the database to allow the voting system to continue processing votes
without waiting for the database writes. Add dedicated workers to read from the SQS queue to allow votes to be
entered into the database at a controllable rate. The votes will be added to the database as fast as the database
can process them, but no votes will be lost.
8) B, E – Create new subnets in a new Availability Zone (AZ) to provide a redundant network. Create an Auto
Scaling group with instances in two AZs behind the load balancer to ensure high availability of the web application
and redistribution of web traffic between the two public AZs. Create an RDS DB instance in the two private
subnets to make the database tier highly available too.
9) C – The current configuration puts new EC2 instances into service before they are able to respond to
transactions. This could also cause the instances to overscale. With a step scaling policy, you can specify the
number of seconds that it takes for a newly launched instance to warm up. Until its specified warm-up time has
expired, an EC2 instance is not counted toward the aggregated metrics of the Auto Scaling group. While scaling
out, the Auto Scaling logic does not consider EC2 instances that are warming up as part of the current capacity of
the Auto Scaling group. Therefore, multiple alarm breaches that fall in the range of the same step adjustment
result in a single scaling activity. This ensures that you do not add more instances than you need.
10) C – Aurora Replicas provide a way to offload read traffic. Aurora Replicas share the same underlying storage
as the main database, so lag time is generally very low. Aurora Replicas have their own endpoints, so the
application will need to be configured to direct read traffic to the new endpoints.


AWS Solutions Architect – Associate (SAA-C01)
Sample Exam Questions
© 2018, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved | aws.amazon.com 1
1) A company is storing an access key (access key ID and secret access key) in a text file on a custom
AMI. The company uses the access key to access DynamoDB tables from instances created from the
AMI. The security team has mandated a more secure solution.
Which solution will meet the security team’s mandate?
A. Put the access key in an S3 bucket, and retrieve the access key on boot from the instance.
B. Pass the access key to the instances through instance user data.
C. Obtain the access key from a key server launched in a private subnet.
D. Create an IAM role with permissions to access the table, and launch all instances with the new role.
2) A company is developing a highly available web application using stateless web servers. Which
services are suitable for storing session state data? (Select TWO.)
A. CloudWatch
B. DynamoDB
C. Elastic Load Balancing
D. ElastiCache
E. Storage Gateway
3) Company salespeople upload their sales figures daily. A Solutions Architect needs a durable storage
solution for these documents that also protects against users accidentally deleting important
documents.
Which action will protect against unintended user actions?
A. Store data in an EBS volume and create snapshots once a week.
B. Store data in an S3 bucket and enable versioning.
C. Store data in two S3 buckets in different AWS regions.
D. Store data on EC2 instance storage.
4) An application requires a highly available relational database with an initial storage capacity of 8 TB.
The database will grow by 8 GB every day. To support expected traffic, at least eight read replicas will
be required to handle database reads.
Which option will meet these requirements?
A. DynamoDB
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon Aurora
D. Amazon Redshift
AWS Solutions Architect – Associate (SAA-C01)
Sample Exam Questions
© 2018, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved | aws.amazon.com 2
5) A Solutions Architect is designing a critical business application with a relational database that runs
on an EC2 instance. It requires a single EBS volume that can support up to 16,000 IOPS.
Which Amazon EBS volume type can meet the performance requirements of this application?
A. EBS Provisioned IOPS SSD
B. EBS Throughput Optimized HDD
C. EBS General Purpose SSD
D. EBS Cold HDD
6) A web application allows customers to upload orders to an S3 bucket. The resulting Amazon S3
events trigger a Lambda function that inserts a message to an SQS queue. A single EC2 instance
reads messages from the queue, processes them, and stores them in an DynamoDB table partitioned
by unique order ID. Next month traffic is expected to increase by a factor of 10 and a Solutions
Architect is reviewing the architecture for possible scaling problems.
Which component is MOST likely to need re-architecting to be able to scale to accommodate the new
traffic?
A. Lambda function
B. SQS queue
C. EC2 instance
D. DynamoDB table
7) An application saves the logs to an S3 bucket. A user wants to keep the logs for one month for
troubleshooting purposes, and then purge the logs.
What feature will enable this?
A. Adding a bucket policy on the S3 bucket.
B. Configuring lifecycle configuration rules on the S3 bucket.
C. Creating an IAM policy for the S3 bucket.
D. Enabling CORS on the S3 bucket.
8) An application running on EC2 instances processes sensitive information stored on Amazon S3. The
information is accessed over the Internet. The security team is concerned that the Internet
connectivity to Amazon S3 is a security risk.
Which solution will resolve the security concern?
A. Access the data through an Internet Gateway.
B. Access the data through a VPN connection.
C. Access the data through a NAT Gateway.
D. Access the data through a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3.
AWS Solutions Architect – Associate (SAA-C01)
Sample Exam Questions
© 2018, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved | aws.amazon.com 3
9) An organization is building an Amazon Redshift cluster in their shared services VPC. The cluster will
host sensitive data.
How can the organization control which networks can access the cluster?
A. Run the cluster in a different VPC and connect through VPC peering.
B. Create a database user inside the Amazon Redshift cluster only for users on the network.
C. Define a cluster security group for the cluster that allows access from the allowed networks.
D. Only allow access to networks that connect with the shared services network via VPN.
10) A Solutions Architect is designing an online shopping application running in a VPC on EC2 instances
behind an ELB Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Auto Scaling group across
multiple Availability Zones. The application tier must read and write data to a customer managed
database cluster. There should be no access to the database from the Internet, but the cluster must
be able to obtain software patches from the Internet.
Which VPC design meets these requirements?
A. Public subnets for both the application tier and the database cluster
B. Public subnets for the application tier, and private subnets for the database cluster
C. Public subnets for the application tier and NAT Gateway, and private subnets for the database cluster
D. Public subnets for the application tier, and private subnets for the database cluster and NAT Gateway
AWS Solutions Architect – Associate (SAA-C01)
Sample Exam Questions
© 2018, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved | aws.amazon.com 4
Answers
1) D – IAM roles for EC2 instances allow applications running on the instance to access AWS resources
without having to create and store any access keys. Any solution involving the creation of an access key
then introduces the complexity of managing that secret.
2) B, D – Both DynamoDB and ElastiCache provide high performance storage of key-value pairs.
CloudWatch and ELB are not storage services. Storage Gateway is a storage service, but it is a hybrid
storage service that enables on-premises applications to use cloud storage.
3) B – If a versioned object is deleted, then it can still be recovered by retrieving the final version. Response
A would lose any changes committed since the previous snapshot. Storing the data in 2 S3 buckets
would provide slightly more protection, but a user could still delete the object from both buckets. EC2
instance storage is ephemeral and should never be used for data requiring durability.
4) C – Amazon Aurora is a relational database that will automatically scale to accommodate data growth.
Amazon Redshift does not support read replicas and will not automatically scale. DynamoDB is a NoSQL
service, not a relational database. Amazon S3 is object storage, not a relational database.
5) A – EBS Provisioned IOPS SSD provides sustained performance for mission-critical low-latency
workloads. EBS General Purpose SSD can provide bursts of performance up to 3,000 IOPS and have a
maximum baseline performance of 10,000 IOPS for volume sizes greater than 3.3 TB. The 2 HDD options
are lower cost, high throughput volumes.
6) C – A single EC2 instance will not scale and is a single point of failure in the architecture. A much better
solution would be to have EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group across 2 availability zones read
messages from the queue. The other responses are all managed services that can be configured to scale
or will scale automatically.
7) B – Lifecycle configuration allows lifecycle management of objects in a bucket. The configuration is a set
of one or more rules, where each rule defines an action for Amazon S3 to apply to a group of objects.
Bucket policies and IAM define access to objects in an S3 bucket. CORS enables clients in one domain
to interact with resources in a different domain.
8) D – VPC endpoints for Amazon S3 provide secure connections to S3 buckets that do not require a
gateway or NAT instances. NAT Gateways and Internet Gateways still route traffic over the Internet to the
public endpoint for Amazon S3. There is no way to connect to Amazon S3 via VPN.
9) C – A security group can grant access to traffic from the allowed networks via the CIDR range for each
network. VPC peering and VPN are connectivity services and cannot control traffic for security. Amazon
Redshift user accounts address authentication and authorization at the user level and have no control
over network traffic.
10) C – The online application must be in public subnets to allow access from clients' browsers. The database
cluster must be in private subnets to meet the requirement that there be no access from the Internet. A
AWS Solutions Architect – Associate (SAA-C01)
Sample Exam Questions
© 2018, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved | aws.amazon.com 5
NAT Gateway is required to give the database cluster the ability to download patches from the Internet.
NAT Gateways must be deployed in public subnets.



Domain: Cloud Concepts
Q 1: According to AWS, what is the benefit of Elasticity?

A. Minimize storage requirements by reducing logging and auditing activities
B. Create systems that scale to the required capacity based on changes in demand
C. Enable AWS to automatically select the most cost-effective services.
D. Accelerate the design process because recovery from failure is automated, reducing the need for testing

Answer – B

Explanation : 

The concept of Elasticity is the means of an application having the ability to scale up and scale down based on demand. An example of such a service is the Autoscaling service

For more information on AWS Autoscaling service, please refer to the below URL: https://aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/

A, C and D are incorrect. Elasticity will not have positive effects on storage, cost or design agility.

 

Domain : Billing and Pricing
Q2: Which tool can you use to forecast your AWS spending?

A. AWS Organizations
B. Amazon Dev Pay
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS Cost Explorer

Answer – D

Explanation : 

The AWS Documentation mentions the following.

Cost Explorer is a free tool that you can use to view your costs. You can view data up to the last 12 months. You can forecast how much you are likely to spend for the next 12 months and get recommendations for what Reserved Instances to purchase. You can use Cost Explorer to see patterns in how much you spend on AWS resources over time, identify areas that need further inquiry, and see trends that you can use to understand your costs. You also can specify time ranges for the data and view time data by day or by month.

AWS cost explorer tool
For more information on the AWS Cost Explorer, please refer to the below URL: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/cost-explorer-what-is.html

A, B and C are incorrect. These services do not relate to billing and cost.

 

Domain : Technology
Q3: A business analyst would like to move away from creating complex database queries and static spreadsheets when generating regular reports for high-level management. They would like to publish insightful, graphically appealing reports with interactive dashboards. Which service can they use to accomplish this?

A. Amazon QuickSight
B. Business intelligence on Amazon Redshift
C. Amazon CloudWatch dashboards
D. Amazon Athena integrated with Amazon Glue

Correct Answer – A

Explanation : 

Amazon QuickSight is the most appropriate service in the scenario. It is a fully-managed service that allows for insightful business intelligence reporting with creative data delivery methods, including graphical and interactive dashboards. QuickSight includes machine learning that allows users to discover inconspicuous trends and patterns on their datasets.

AWS Quick Sight
AWS Quick Sight tool | Source: aws.amazon.com/quicksight
Option B is INCORRECT. Amazon Redshift service is a data warehouse and will not meet the requirements of interactive dashboards and dynamic means of delivering reports.
Option C is INCORRECT. Amazon CloudWatch dashboards will not accomplish the requirements of the scenario. They are used to monitor AWS system resources and infrastructure services, though they are customizable and present information graphically.
Option D is INCORRECT. Amazon Athena is a query service that allows for easy data analysis in Amazon S3 by using standard SQL. The service does not meet the requirements of the scenario. 
 

Domain : Technology
Q4. What is the AWS feature that enables fast, easy and secure transfers of files over long distances between your client and your Amazon S3 bucket?

A. File Transfer
B. HTTP Transfer
C. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
D. S3 Acceleration

Answer – C

Explanation : 

The AWS Documentation mentions the following.

Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration enables fast, easy, and secure transfers of files over long distances between your client and an S3 bucket. Transfer Acceleration takes advantage of Amazon CloudFront’s globally distributed edge locations. As the data arrives at an edge location, data is routed to Amazon S3 over an optimized network path.

For more information on S3 transfer acceleration, please visit the Link: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/transfer-acceleration.html

Options A, B and D are incorrect. These features deal with transferring data but not between clients and an S3 bucket.

 

Domain : Security
Q5: What best describes the “Principle of Least Privilege”? Choose the correct answer from the options given below.

A. All users should have the same baseline permissions granted to them to use basic AWS services.
B. Users should be granted permission to access only resources they need to do their assigned job.
C. Users should submit all access requests in written form so that there is a paper trail of who needs access to different AWS resources.
D. Users should always have a little more permission than they need.

Answer – B

Explanation : 

The principle means giving a user account only those privileges which are essential to perform its intended function. For example, a user account for the sole purpose of creating backups does not need to install the software. Hence, it has rights only to run backup and backup-related applications. 

For more information on the principle of least privilege, please refer to the following link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege

Options A, C, and D are incorrect. These actions would not adhere to the Principle of Least Privilege.

 

Domain : Security
Q6: A web administrator maintains several public and private web-based resources for an organisation. Which service can they use to keep track of the expiry dates of SSL/TLS certificates as well as updating and renewal?

A. AWS Data Lifecycle Manager
B. AWS License Manager
C. AWS Firewall Manager
D. AWS Certificate Manager

Correct Answer – D

Explanation : 

The AWS Certificate Manager allows the web administrator to maintain one or several SSL/TLS certificates, both private and public certificates including their update and renewal so that the administrator does not worry about the imminent expiry of certificates. https://aws.amazon.com/certificate-manager/

Option A is INCORRECT. The AWS Lifecycle Manager creates life cycle policies for specified resources to automate operations. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dlm/?id=docs_gateway
Option B is INCORRECT. AWS License Manager serves the purpose of differentiating, maintaining third-party software provisioning vendor licenses. It also decreases the risk of license expirations and the penalties. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/license-manager/?id=docs_gateway
Option C is INCORRECT. AWS Firewall Manager aids in the administration of Web Application Firewall (WAF), by presenting a centralised point of setting firewall rules across different web resources. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/firewall-manager/?id=docs_gateway
 

Domain : Security
Q7: Which of the following is the responsibility of the customer to ensure the availability and backup of the EBS volumes?

A. Delete the data and create a new EBS volume.
B. Create EBS snapshots.
C. Attach new volumes to EC2 Instances.
D. Create copies of EBS Volumes.

Answer – B

Explanation : 

Snapshots are incremental backups, which means that only the blocks on the device that have changed after your most recent snapshot are saved. 

When you create an EBS volume based on a snapshot, the new volume begins as an exact replica of the original volume that was used to create the snapshot. The replicated volume loads data in the background so that you can begin using it immediately.

Amazon EBS snapshots
Amazon EBS snapshots | Source: aws.amazon.com
Option A is incorrect because there is no need for backup of the volumes if data is already deleted.

Option C is incorrect because attaching more EBS volumes doesn’t ensure availability, if there is no snapshot then the volume cannot be available to a different availability zone.

Option D is incorrect EBS volumes cannot be copied, they can only be replicated using snapshots.

For more information on EBS Snapshots, please refer to the below URL:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSSnapshots.html

 

Domain : Security
Q8: Which of the following services can be used as an application firewall in AWS?

A. AWS Snowball
B. AWS WAF
C. AWS Firewall
D. AWS Protection

Answer – B

Explanation : 

The AWS Documentation mentions the following:

AWS WAF is a web application firewall that lets you monitor the HTTP and HTTPS requests that are forwarded to Amazon CloudFront or an Application Load Balancer. AWS WAF also lets you control access to your content.

AWS Snowball, a part of the AWS Snow Family, is an edge computing, data migration, and edge storage device that comes in two options. Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices provide both block storage and Amazon S3-compatible object storage, and 40 vCPUs.

For more information on AWS WAF, please refer to the below URL:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/waf-chapter.html
https://aws.amazon.com/snowball/?whats-new-cards.sort-by=item.additionalFields.postDateTime&whats-new-cards.sort-order=desc

 

Domain : Cloud Concepts
Q9: Your design team is planning to design an application that will be hosted on the AWS Cloud. One of their main non-functional requirements is given below:
Reduce inter-dependencies so failures do not impact other components.
Which of the following concepts does this requirement relate to?

A. Integration
B. Decoupling
C. Aggregation
D. Segregation

Answer – B

Explanation : 

The entire concept of decoupling components ensures that the different components of applications can be managed and maintained separately. If all components are tightly coupled, the entire application would go down when one component goes down. Hence it is always a better practice to decouple application components.

For more information on a decoupled architecture, please refer to the below URL: http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/decoupled-architecture

 

Domain : Billing and Pricing
Q10: A manufacturing firm has recently migrated their application servers to the Amazon EC2 instance. The IT Manager is looking for the details of upcoming scheduled maintenance activities which AWS would be performing on AWS resources, that may impact the services on these EC2 instances.

Which of the following services can alert you about the changes that can affect resources in your account? 

A. AWS Organizations
B. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS Service Health Dashboard

Answer – B

Explanation : 

AWS Personal Health Dashboard provides alerts for AWS services availability & performance which may impact resources deployed in your account. Customers get emails & mobile notifications for scheduled maintenance activities which might impact services on these AWS resources.   

Option A is incorrect as AWS Organizations do not provide any notifications for scheduled maintenance activities.

Option C is incorrect as AWS Trusted Advisor will provide notification on AWS resources created within the account for cost optimization, security, fault tolerance, performance, and service limits. It will not provide notification for scheduled maintenance activities performed by AWS on its resources.  

Option D is incorrect as Service Health Dashboard displays the general status of all AWS services & will not display scheduled maintenance activities.

For more information on the AWS Organizations, please refer to the below URL: https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/technology/personal-health-dashboard/

 

Domain : Security
Q11: Which of the following AWS services can be used to retrieve configuration changes made to AWS resources causing operational issues?

A. Amazon Inspector
B. AWS CloudFormation
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS Config

Answer – D

Explanation : 

AWS Config can be used to audit, evaluate configurations of AWS resources. If there are any operational issues, AWS config can be used to retrieve configurational changes made to AWS resources that may have caused these issues.

Option A is incorrect as Amazon Inspector can be used to analyze potential security threats for an Amazon EC2 instance against an assessment template with predefined rules. It does not provide historical data for configurational changes done to AWS resources.
Option B is incorrect as AWS CloudFormation provided templates to provision and configure resources in AWS.
Option C is incorrect as AWS Trusted Advisor can help optimize resources with AWS cloud with respect to cost, security, performance, fault tolerance, and service limits. It does not provide historical data for configurational changes done to AWS resources.
For more information on AWS Config, refer to the following URL:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/WhatIsConfig.html

 

Domain : Security
Q12: An organization runs several EC2 instances inside a VPC using three subnets, one for Development, one for Test, and one for Production. The Security team has some concerns about the VPC configuration. It requires restricting communication across the EC2 instances using Security Groups.

Which of the following options is true for Security Groups related to the scenario?

A. You can change a Security Group associated with an instance if the instance is in the running state.
B. You can change a Security Group associated with an instance if the instance is in the hibernate state.
C. You can change a Security Group only if there are no instances associated to it.
D. The only Security Group you can change is the Default Security Group.

Answer: A

Explanation : 

Option A is CORRECT because the AWS documentation mentions it in the section called “Changing an Instance’s Security Group” using the following sentence: “After you launch an instance into a VPC, you can change the security groups that are associated with the instance. You can change the security groups for an instance when the instance is in the running or stopped state.”
Option B is incorrect as You can change the security groups for an instance when the instance is in the running or stopped state, not hibernate state.
Option C is incorrect because there have to be some instances associated.
Option D is incorrect because other security groups can also be changed.
Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_pv/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_SecurityGroups.html

 

Domain : Technology
Q13: Which of the following features of Amazon RDS allows for better availability of databases? Choose the answer from the options given below.

A. VPC Peering
B. Multi-AZ
C. Read Replicas
D. Data encryption

Answer – B

Explanation : 

The AWS Documentation mentions the following.

If you are looking to use replication to increase database availability while protecting your latest database updates against unplanned outages, consider running your DB instance as a Multi-AZ deployment.

For more information on AWS RDS, please visit the FAQ Link:https://aws.amazon.com/rds/faqs/

 

Domain : Technology
Q14: Your company wants to move an existing Oracle database to the AWS Cloud. Which of the following services can help facilitate this move?

A. AWS Database Migration Service
B. AWS VM Migration Service
C. AWS Inspector
D. AWS Trusted Advisor

Answer – A

Explanation : 

The AWS Documentation mentions the following.

AWS Database Migration Service helps you migrate databases to AWS quickly and securely. The source database remains fully operational during the migration, minimizing downtime to applications that rely on the database. The AWS Database Migration Service can migrate your data to and from the most widely used commercial and open-source databases.

For more information on AWS Database migration, please refer to the below URL:https://aws.amazon.com/dms/

 

Domain : Security
Q15: Which of the following services allows you to analyze EC2 Instances against pre-defined security templates to check for vulnerabilities?

A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS Inspector
C. AWS WAF
D. AWS Shield

Answer – B

Explanation : 

The AWS Documentation mentions the following.

Amazon Inspector enables you to analyze the behavior of your AWS resources and helps you to identify potential security issues. Using Amazon Inspector, you can define a collection of AWS resources that you want to include in an assessment target. You can then create an assessment template and launch a security assessment run of this target.

For more information on AWS Inspector, please refer to the below URL:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/inspector/latest/userguide/inspector_introduction.html

 

Domain : Technology
Q16: A website for an international sport governing body would like to serve its content to viewers from different parts of the world in their vernacular language. Which of the following services provide location-based web personalization using geolocation headers?

A. Amazon CloudFront
B. Amazon EC2 Instance
C. Amazon Lightsail
D. Amazon Route 53

Answer – A

Explanation : 

Amazon CloudFront supports country-level location-based web content personalization with a feature called Geolocation Headers.

You can configure CloudFront to add additional geolocation headers that provide more granularity in your caching and origin request policies. The new headers give you more granular control of cache behavior and your origin access to the viewer’s country name, region, city, postal code, latitude, and longitude, all based on the viewer’s IP address.

CloudFront Distribution
Option B is INCORRECT because EC2 is just a distractor, not suitable for routing and delivery.
Option C is INCORRECT because Amazon Lightsail will primarily allow for developing, deploying, and hosting websites and web applications. The service will not meet the requirements of the scenario.
Option D is INCORRECT because the geolocation routing policy of Route53 allows different resources to serve content based on the origin of the request. Route 53 does not use geolocation headers.
References:

https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2020/07/cloudfront-geolocation-headers/
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/leverage-amazon-cloudfront-geolocation-headers-for-state-level-geo-targeting/

 

Domain : Security
Q17: Which of the following can be used to protect against DDoS attacks? Choose 2 answers from the options given below.

A. AWS EC2
B. AWS RDS
C. AWS Shield
D. AWS Shield Advanced

Answer – C and D

Explanation : 

The AWS Documentation mentions the following:

AWS Shield – All AWS customers benefit from the automatic protections of AWS Shield Standard, at no additional charge. AWS Shield Standard defends against most common, frequently occurring network and transport layer DDoS attacks that target your web site or applications

AWS Shield Advanced – For higher levels of protection against attacks targeting your web applications running on Amazon EC2, (ELB), CloudFront, and Route 53 resources, you can subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced. AWS Shield Advanced provides expanded DDoS attack protection for these resources.

For more information on AWS Shield, please refer to the below URL:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/ddos-overview.html

 

Domain : Technology
Q18: Which of the following are the recommended resources to be deployed in the  Amazon VPC private subnet?

A. NAT Gateways
B. Bastion Hosts
C. Database Servers
D. Internet Gateways

Answer – C

Explanation : 

As Database servers contain confidential information, so for a security perspective, it should be deployed in a Private Subnet.

Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) enables the user to launch AWS resources into a virtual network that a user has defined.

Option A is incorrect because NAT devices (NAT Gateway, Nat Instance) allow instances in private subnets to connect to the internet, other VPCs, or on-premises networks. It is deployed in a public subnet.

Option B is incorrect because bastion host is a server whose purpose is to provide access (SSH access) to a private network from an external network, such as the Internet. It is deployed in a public subnet.

Option D is incorrect because an Internet Gateway is a horizontally scaled, redundant, and highly available VPC component that allows communication between your VPC and the internet.

For more information on AWS VPC, please refer to the below URL:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_Networking.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_Internet_Gateway.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-nat.html
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-record-ssh-sessions-established-through-a-bastion-host/

 

Domain : Technology
Q19: A company wants to utilize AWS storage. For them, low storage cost is paramount. The data is rarely retrieved and a data retrieval time of 13-14 hours is acceptable for them. What is the best storage option to use?

A. Amazon S3 Glacier
B. S3 Glacier Deep Archive
C. Amazon EBS volumes
D. AWS CloudFront

Answer – B

Explanation : 

S3 Glacier Deep Archive offers the lowest cost storage in the cloud, at prices lower than storing and maintaining data in on-premises magnetic tape libraries or archiving data offsite.

It expands our data archiving offerings, enabling you to select the optimal storage class based on storage and retrieval costs, and retrieval times.

Option B is correct because S3 Glacier Deep Archive offers low-cost storage and retrieval time doesn’t matter for the company. If the question asks for fast retrieval time then S3 Glacier would be correct.

Option A is incorrect because S3 Glacier is not cheaper than S3 Glacier Deep Archive.

Options C and D are incorrect because they are not suitable for data archive and faster retrieval. Also, the CloudFront is not for storage.

With S3 Glacier, customers can store their data cost-effectively for months, years, or even decades. S3 Glacier enables customers to offload the administrative burdens of operating and scaling storage to AWS, so they don’t have to worry about capacity planning, hardware provisioning, data replication, hardware failure detection, and recovery, or time-consuming hardware migrations.

Amazon S3 Glacier for archiving data that might infrequently need to be restored within a few hours
S3 Glacier Deep Archive for archiving long-term backup cycle data that might infrequently need to be restored within 12 hours
Storage class	Expedited	Standard	Bulk
Amazon S3 Glacier	1–5 minutes	3–5 hours	5–12 hours
S3 Glacier Deep Archive	Not available	Within 12 hours	Within 48 hours
Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonglacier/latest/dev/introduction.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/backup-recovery/amazon-s3-glacier.html
https://aws.amazon.com/s3/storage-classes/

 

Domain : Cloud Concepts
Q20: Which AWS service provides a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and predictable performance with seamless scalability?

A. AWS RDS
B. DynamoDB
C. Oracle RDS
D. Elastic Map Reduce

Answer: – B

Explanation : 

DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL offering provided by AWS. It is now available in most regions for users to consume.

For more information on AWS DynamoDB, please refer to the below URL:http://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Introduction.html

 

Domain : Cloud Concepts
Q21: For which of the following AWS resources, the Customer is responsible for the infrastructure-related security configurations?

A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon EC2
D. AWS Fargate

Answer: C

Explanation : 

Amazon EC2 is an Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) for which customers are responsible for the security and the management of guest operating systems.

Options A, B, and D are incorrect as all these resources are part of abstracted services for which AWS is responsible for the security, & infrastructure layer. Customers are responsible for data that is saved on these resources.
For more information on the Shared responsibility model, refer to the following URL:https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/

 

Domain : Cloud Concepts
Q22: In the shared responsibility model for infrastructure services, such as Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud, which of the below two are customers responsibility?

A. Network infrastructure
B. Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)
C. Virtualization infrastructure
D. Physical security of hardware
E. Policies and configuration

Answer: B, E

Explanation : 

In the shared responsibility model, AWS is primarily responsible for “Security of the Cloud.” The customer is responsible for “Security in the Cloud.” In this scenario, the mentioned AWS product is IAAS (Amazon EC2) and AWS manages the security of the following assets:

– Facilities

– Physical security of hardware

– Network infrastructure

– Virtualization infrastructure

Customers are responsible for the security of the following assets:

– Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)

– Operating systems

– Applications

– Data in transit

– Data at rest

– Data stores

– Credentials

– Policies and configuration

Option A is incorrect. Refer to the explanation above and link in the references for more details.
Option B is Correct. Refer to the explanation above and link in the references for more details.
Option C is incorrect. Refer to the explanation above and link in the references for more details.
Option D is incorrect. Refer to the explanation above and link in the references for more details.
Option E is correct. Refer to the explanation above and link in the references for more details.
References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/security-pillar/welcome.html
https://aws.amazon.com/architecture/well-architected/?wa-lens-whitepapers.sort-by=item.additionalFields.sortDate&wa-lens-whitepapers.sort-order=desc

 

Domain : Billing and Pricing
Q23: AWS offers two savings plans to enable more savings and flexibility for its customers, namely, compute saving plans and EC2 Instance Savings plans.

Which of the below statement is FALSE regarding Saving Plans?

A. Capacity Reservations are not provided with Saving Plans.
B. Savings Plans are available for all the regions.
C. Savings plans will apply on ‘On-Demand Capacity Reservations’ that customers can allocate for their needs.
D. The prices for Savings Plans do not change based on the amount of hourly commitment.

Answer: B

Explanation : 

Option A is INCORRECT. The given statement is True.
Option B is CORRECT. The given statement is False. For China Regions, savings plans are not available.
Option C is INCORRECT. The given statement is True.
Option D is INCORRECT. The given statement is True.
Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/savingsplans/latest/userguide/what-is-savings-plans.html#sp-ris

 

Domain : Technology
Q24: Which of the below-listed services is a region-based AWS service?

A. AWS IAM
B. Amazon EFS
C. Amazon Route 53
D. Amazon CloudFront

Answer: B

Explanation : 

Option A is INCORRECT. AWS IAM is a global service.
Option B is CORRECT. EFS is a regional service.
Option C is INCORRECT. Route 53 is a global service.
Option D is INCORRECT. Amazon Cloudfront is a global service.
References:

https://aws.amazon.com/efs/
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services/

 

Domain : Technology
Q25: Which of the following LightSail Wizard allows the customers to “create a copy of the LightSail instance in EC2”?

A. LightSail Backup
B. LightSail Copy
C. Upgrade to EC2
D. LightSail-EC2 snapshot

Answer: C

Explanation : 

Option A is INCORRECT. LightSail Backup is an invalid option.
Option B is INCORRECT. LightSail Copy is an invalid option.
Option C is CORRECT. “Upgrade to EC2” is the feature that allows customers to “create a copy of the LightSail instance in EC2”.
To get started, you need to export your Lightsail instance manual snapshot. You’ll then use the Upgrade to EC2 wizard to create an instance in EC2.
Customers who are comfortable with EC2 can then use the EC2 creation wizard or API to create a new EC2 instance as they would from an existing EC2 AMI.
Option D is INCORRECT. A LightSail-EC2 snapshot is an invalid option.
LightSail instance in EC2
Reference:

https://lightsail.aws.amazon.com/ls/docs/en_us/articles/amazon-lightsail-exporting-snapshots-to-amazon-ec2
https://aws.amazon.com/lightsail/features/upgrade-to-ec2/

 

Domain : Technology
Q26 : Which of the following features of Amazon Connect helps better customer engagement on AWS Cloud ?

A. Push Notification
B. High Quality Audio
C. Mailbox Simulator
D. Reputation Dashboard

Correct Answer: B

Amazon Connect is an omnichannel cloud contact centre which can be setup easily & with low cost. It has following features which helps to provide customers a superior service ,

Telephone as a service
High quality Audio
Omnichannel routing
Web & Mobile Chat
Task management
Contact Centre automation
Rules Engine.
Option A is incorrect as Push Notification is not a feature of Amazon Connect. It’s one of the features of Amazon Pinpoint.
Option C is incorrect as Mailbox Simulator is not a feature of Amazon Connect. It’s one of the features of Amazon SES.
Option D is incorrect as Reputation Dashboard is not a feature of Amazon Connect. It’s one of the features of Amazon SES.

For more information on Amazon Connect, refer to the following URL: https://aws.amazon.com/connect/features/

 

Domain : Technology
Q27: A large IT company is looking to enable its large user base to remotely access Linux desktops from any location. Which service can be used for this purpose ?

A. Amazon Cognito
B. Amazon AppStream 2.0
C. Amazon WorkSpaces
D. Amazon WorkLink

Correct Answer: C

Amazon WorkSpaces provides a secure managed service for virtual desktops for remote users. It supports both Windows & Linux based virtual desktops for a large number of users.

Option A is incorrect as Amazon Cognito can be used to control access to AWS resources from an application.
Option B is incorrect as Amazon AppStream 2.0 can be used to provide access to applications or a non-persistent desktop from any location.
Option D is incorrect as Amazon WorkLink can be used by internal employees to securely access internal websites & applications using mobile phones.

For more information on Amazon WorkSpaces, refer to the following URL: https://aws.amazon.com/workspaces/features/

 

Domain : Cloud Concepts
Q28 : Users in the Developer Team need to deploy a multi-tier web application. Which service can be used to create a customized portfolio that will help users for quick deployment?

A. AWS Config
B. AWS Code Deploy
C. AWS Service Catalog
D. AWS Cloud Formation

Correct Answer: C

AWS Service Catalog can be used to create & deploy portfolio of products within AWS infrastructure. This helps to create consistent resources within AWS infrastructure with quick deployment. These catalogues can be used for deployment of single resource or a multi-tier web application consisting of web, application, & database layer resources.

Option A is incorrect as AWS config is used for evaluating configuration on the resources deployed in AWS cloud. It will not help for creating portfolios of resources for quick deployment.
Option B is incorrect as AWS CodeDeploy is a managed service for automating software deployment on AWS resources & on-premise systems. It is not suitable for creating portfolios of resources for quick deployment.
Option D is incorrect as AWS CloudFormation is a service for provisioning AWS resources using templates.

For more information on AWS Service Catalog, refer to the following URL: https://aws.amazon.com/servicecatalog/features/

 

Domain : Billing and Pricing
Q29 : A large Oil & gas company is planning to deploy a high-volume application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances.  Which of the following can help to reduce operational expenses?

A. Deploy Amazon EC2 instance with Auto-scaling
B. Deploy Amazon EC2 instance in multiple AZ’s
C. Deploy Amazon EC2 instance with Amazon instance store-backed AMI
D. Deploy Amazon EC2 instance with Cluster placement group

Correct Answer: A

Using Amazon EC2 Auto-Scaling helps to match the workload on the application with the optimum number of the Amazon EC2 instance. Due to this, during low load on application, Amazon EC2 instances are terminated which reduces operational cost.

Option B is incorrect as deploying an Amazon EC2 instance in a multiple AZ might enhance application availability but will not reduce operational expenses.
Option C is incorrect as deploying an Amazon EC2 instance with Amazon instance store-backed AMI incur charges for Amazon EC2 instance usage & storing AMI in Amazon S3. There will be no impact on operational expense using this AMI type.
Option D is incorrect as deploying an Amazon EC2 instance in a cluster placement group will help to have low latency between instances but will not reduce operational expenses.

For more information on reducing cost using AWS cloud , refer to the following URL: https://aws.amazon.com/economics/

 

Domain : Cloud Concepts
Q30 : Which of the following activities are within the scope of AWS Support?

A. Troubleshooting API issues
B. Code Development
C. Debugging custom software
D. Third-party application configuration on AWS resources
E. Database query tuning

Correct Answers: A and D

As a part of AWS Support following activities are performed,

Queries regarding all AWS Services & features.
Best Practices to integrate, deploy & manage applications in the AWS cloud.
Troubleshooting API & SDK issues.
Troubleshooting operational issues.
Issues related to any AWS Tools.
Problems detected by EC2 health checks
Third-Party application configuration on AWS resources & products.
AWS Support does not include:

Code development
Debugging custom software
Performing system administration tasks
Database query tuning
Cross-Account Support
Option B is incorrect as Code Development is not in the scope of AWS Support. This needs to be taken care of by the customer.
Option C is incorrect as Debugging custom software is not in the scope of AWS Support. This needs to be taken care of by the customer.
Option E is incorrect as Database query tuning is not in the scope of AWS Support. This needs to be taken care of by the customer.


Which statement best describes an IAM policy?  A document that grants or denies permissions to AWS services and resources
An employee requires temporary access to create several Amazon S3 buckets. Which option would be the best choice for this task? IAM role
Which statement best describes the principle of least privilege? Granting only the permissions that are needed to perform specific tasks
Which service helps protect your applications against distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks? AWS Shield
Which task can AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) perform? Create cryptographic keys.

Which tasks can you perform using AWS CloudTrail? (Select TWO.)  Track user activities and API requests throughout your AWS infrastructure Filter logs to assist with operational analysis and troubleshooting
Which actions can you perform using Amazon CloudWatch? (Select TWO.) Monitor your resources’ utilization and performance Access metrics from a single dashboard
Which service enables you to review the security of your Amazon S3 buckets by checking for open access permissions? AWS Trusted Advisor
Which categories are included in the AWS Trusted Advisor dashboard? (Select TWO.) Performance  Fault tolerance
The AWS Free Tier includes offers that are available to new AWS customers for a certain period of time following their AWS sign-up date. What is the duration of this period? 12 months
Which Support plan includes all AWS Trusted Advisor checks at the lowest cost? Business
Which action can you perform with consolidated billing? Combine usage across accounts to receive volume pricing discounts.
Which pricing tool is used to visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time? AWS Cost Explorer
Which pricing tool enables you to receive alerts when your service usage exceeds a threshold that you have defined? AWS Budgets
Your company wants to receive support from an AWS Technical Account Manager (TAM). Which support plan should you choose? Enterprise
Which service or resource is used to find third-party software that runs on AWS? AWS Marketplace
Which Perspective of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework helps you design, implement, and optimize your AWS infrastructure based on your business goals and perspectives? Platform Perspective
Which migration strategy involves moving to a different product? Repurchasing
What is the storage capacity of Snowball Edge Storage Optimized? 80 TB
Which service enables you to quickly build, train, and deploy machine learning models? Amazon SageMaker
Which Perspective of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework helps you structure the selection and implementation of permissions? The security perspective
Which strategies are included in the six strategies for application migration? (Select TWO.)
Which strategies are included in the six strategies for application migration? (Select TWO.) Retaining Rehosting
What is the storage capacity of AWS Snowmobile? 100PB
Which statement best describes Amazon Lex? A service that enables you to build conversational interfaces using voice and text
Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework focuses on the ability of a workload to consistently and correctly perform its intended functions?  Reliability The Reliability pillar
Operating in the AWS Cloud offers many benefits over computing in on-premises or hybrid environments. Trade upfront expense for variable expense. Benefit from massive economies of scale. Stop guessing capacity. Increase speed and agility. Stop spending money running and maintaining data centers. Go global in minutes.
Which process is an example of benefiting from massive economies of scale? Receiving lower pay-as-you-go prices as the result of AWS customers’ aggregated usage of services
Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework includes the ability to run workloads effectively and gain insights into their operations? Operational Excellence
What are the benefits of cloud computing? (Select TWO.) Increase speed and agility. Stop spending money running and maintaining data centers.

Which statement best describes Elastic Load Balancing? A service that distributes incoming traffic across multiple targets, such as Amazon EC2 instances
Which service enables you to review details for user activities and API calls that have occurred within your AWS environment?  AWS CloudTrail
Which tool enables you to visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time? AWS Cost Explorer
Which statement best describes Amazon GuardDuty? A service that provides intelligent threat detection for your AWS infrastructure and resources
Which action can you perform in Amazon CloudFront? Deliver content to customers through a global network of edge locations.
Which actions can you perform in Amazon Route 53? (Select TWO.) Connect user requests to infrastructure in AWS and outside of AWS Manage DNS records for domain names.
Which statement best describes AWS Marketplace? A digital catalog that includes thousands of software listings from independent software vendors
Which service enables you to build the workflows that are required for human review of machine learning predictions? Amazon Augmented AI
Which statement is TRUE for AWS Lambda? You pay only for compute time while your code is running.
Which Perspective of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework focuses on recovering IT workloads to meet the requirements of your business stakeholders? Operations Perspective
Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework focuses on using computing resources in ways that meet system requirements? Performance Efficiency
Which service is used to transfer up to 100 PB of data to AWS? AWS Snowmobile
You are running an Amazon EC2 instance and want to store data in an attached resource. Your data is temporary and will not be kept long term. Which resource should you use? Instance store
Which compute option reduces costs when you commit to a consistent amount of compute usage for a 1-year or 3-year term? Savings Plans
You want to store data in a key-value database. Which service should you use? Amazon DynamoDB
Which service is used to quickly deploy and scale applications on AWS? AWS Elastic Beanstalk
You want Amazon S3 to monitor your objects’ access patterns. Which storage class should you use? Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering
Which statement best describes an Availability Zone? A fully isolated portion of the AWS global infrastructure
Which service enables you to consolidate and manage multiple AWS accounts from a central location? AWS Organizations
Which migration strategy involves changing how an application is architected and developed, typically by using cloud-native features? Refactoring
You want to send and receive messages between distributed application components. Which service should you use?    Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
In the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class, Amazon S3 moves objects between a frequent access tier and an infrequent access tier. Which storage classes are used for these tiers? (Select TWO.) Amazon S3 Standard Amazon S3 Standard-IA
Which AWS Trusted Advisor category includes checks for high-utilization EC2 instances? Performance
Which service is used to run containerized applications on AWS? Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
Which component or service enables you to establish a dedicated private connection between your data center and virtual private cloud (VPC)? AWS Direct Connect
Which tool is used to automate actions for AWS services and applications through scripts? AWS Command Line Interface
Which Support plans include access to all AWS Trusted Advisor checks? (Select TWO.) Business Enterprise
Which virtual private cloud (VPC) component controls inbound and outbound traffic for Amazon EC2 instances? Security group
Which tasks are the responsibilities of AWS? (Select TWO.) Maintaining virtualization infrastructure Configuring AWS infrastructure devices
You want to store data in a volume that is attached to an Amazon EC2 instance. Which service should you use? Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)







